people think that when they take
math in school there's the
common response like I will
never need to use this for the
rest of my life as they learn
trig identities or Pythagorean
theorem whatever it is that we
all remember learning feeling
pretty sure it's never gonna
show up again but mrs. something
important
it misses the fact that the act
of learning how to do the math
establishes a new kind of brain
wiring in your mind a kind of
problem solving brain wiring so
it's not about what you learned
it's about what methods tools
and tactics you had to develop
in order to solve the problem
that you may never see again for
the rest of your life but you
will see other problems where
these methods and tools will
become immensely valuable to you
it's no different from the
liberal arts where if you're
tasked with writing a term paper
on some leader from some chapter
in the history of the world you
may never need to know about
that leader again for the rest
of your life unless you're in
jeopardy or something
so what's the point well the
point is well what did you do to
conduct the research what did
you do to compose the sentences
your choice of words to
communicate an idea a fresh idea
on top of already known ideas
that is the value of education
how much information that can
pour in your head is how
equipped you are to explore the
world on her own after you get
out